---
layout: post
title: Delfeno Drako's Backstory
---

# Delfeno Drako's Backstory

We are setting off soon for Flames Cradle. When we were planning this trip originally we were planning to travel across the wasteland to flames cradle and I was going to try and sort through the stories of flames cradles, but Talmariane has told us they have discovered the existence of a druid circle within the ruins of flames cradle. They have told me there is possibility it is damaged so I should get my affairs in order before we go in case something happens. This letter is to be kept in the Circle’s archives as a record of my life and my sacrifice for our world.

My family and friends don't know the true extent of the danger for this expedition because I know the importance of the information we could find there to fix the world.
My family gave me to the druid circle at a young age where I was raised within nature as a druid. I grew up there as a druid without much contact back with my family and mostly with the few other trainees and druids. But of the other trainees the one I got to know the best was Marabel. She was training with me as a druid but as we got older she wasn’t very into the druid lifestyle. She left the druid training group on good terms and started working in the town doing various jobs.
Marabel and I stayed in contact while she was in town and she started working more and more night jobs until she basically slept all day and she seemed worried about a lot of stuff. She enjoyed doing sleight of hand tricks on me taking my wallet and sneaking notes into it and then putting it back in my pocket.

The Druid circle told me to contact her less because she kind of a dangerous person. She was never dangerous to me, but I knew I should trust the circle on this. I told her what they said and she said she would continue to keep in contact me some occasionally using Druidic which she still knows. She said even though we can stay in contact some she has other things she needs to go do. I told her once the druid circle has fixed the world I would find her and we could live together.
I know my decision to do this mission for the Verdant Grove especially through the teleport circle might not reflect the wish to spend the rest of my life with her after all this but I know fixing the world is more important than my own wishes and if I can fix the world it will be a better place for Marabel even without me.

The Verdant Grove has been having me do some other small research trips trying to find info about the oblivion wall and the draining of Arcane magic. Me and the teams the Grove send out found some information but not enough to find any definite answers in what is going on. In all those trips I was there as sort of a learner I helped with any fighting and went through the information with my mentor Perseus He taught me how to pick out the important information out the mess that many of those documents were. He insisted that I learn how to pick out the important information out of whatever it was we found.   He has now taken the job of collecting the information the other druids and rangers brought him. The heads of the Verdant Grove has decieded in their wisdom that I am capable enough to lead this mission to the Flames Cradle.  I have been put in charge of a small team of rangers to go with me to try and find any information left from the Oracle of the age of flames or their order. This is the first expedition that I will be personally in charge of and I am honestly worried that I won’t be good enough to lead this group.